The last step is to derive safety goals,
which brings us back to requirements engineering.
A safety goal defines what the item does to avoid hazardous situations.
So a safety goal is a type of requirement.
For the lane departure warning function,
the hazardous event description was that
the lane departure warning function applies
too high an oscillating torque to the steering wheel,
which could lead to a crash.
What would the lane departure warning function need to do to avoid the situation?
Limit the amount of vibration.
So the safety goal would be the oscillating steering torque
from the lane departure warning function shall be limited.
So the safety goal has ASIL C. Limiting
the vibrational steering torque would help lower the risk to an acceptable.